Nice to meet you she is my beautiful
He hates everything because he's in the club
Hates not being in the club
costinha will help our club is high
weighs 75 kilos and has a vocal range of
5 octaves and can lift 80 kilos in
the flat bank thank you but that what
it has to do with the club it is also
wrestling coach loves music
and the keys
you are so strong and cute I mentioned to you that
I'm alone
go away, austin, welcome to the team
I'm happy to be here I like it
sing with my friends and some of your
friends
alright now I'm going to leave you the essay to
our captain what is our motto
no songs and no good you or emails
we'll see
online for hostile garden I'll show you
your part today at 'x-men' seño the
routines he already learned everything but still
I think a kick would work better
that a pirouette
thanks I hope I am the captain and you
you do not come from the team you would not want me
clean the gym floor true
Clear
here he calls me to live
bibi gaytán and not go to live
two
bravo friends was perfect great already
we can go home
the essay just beginning Austin are
this great a little more smile the
next cool and I was thinking that it
can make some changes to the routine
since it is somewhat old-fashioned
i
outdated I would not say this maybe
traditional but that's what we want
ok we chose the words what I wanted
to say is that we make it bolder more
intense and aggressive
you want to make it more chic and chic and boom
bum
If that's not what I wanted, I hope it does not
I do not want to see that again
it was a thought keep your mind
open believe me I know what I'm doing
there's no way we lose that
competition I can not believe that
let's lose that competition
but the important thing is that we participate
is what is required to get the
credit someone signs this
and it's great to have a trophy that
will prove to your mom that the lessons of
singing were not in vain
I'm going to save it
and at least we classify for
regional the next let's do
most popular dance moves
he does not know the charleston and the indian
and if we do other dance moves
with a new index fix happy people
pípi like that
and my heart beats like that
I vote to do it well there's no
vote because I'm the captain and that's not
is to do a cappella true soon yi
tang in santiago for the chaco
it gives me the reason
Alice, how important is that for you?
I make suggestions I want you to win insurance
it's not because you're a famous star
pop and you think you know more than the
captain of the club I did not say that but let's go
I know some things I have acted in many
more scenarios than you